# Structure of the App

### Brief
- I have wiz as top level object. a wiz is like a video file.
- With in wiz we have **component** 
- With in a component we have an **sequence** array. this contains animation sequences.
- each sequence has batches array that contain **batche** objects.
- each batch has **animation** object.

---
#### Future
- i will have a background object that will not be part of componenets tree rather will be at wiz level.it will be drawn at wiz.draw().
- there will we other componenets that will *alwasy be running*.  they will also not form part of component tree and will be handled at wiz level. just like background they will also be run at wiz.update()
- there may be another tree (just like components array). it can be called **always runners**. they will be added and removed based on frame number. they can add some thing to the entire screen like rain ,grid etc from frame n to frame z.

- if we want to drop any component, either from components array or always-runners or background all this nees to be done at wiz level.
---

### Counting
1. The entire **wiz** (video) is counted based on frames. every update = 1 frame. every wiz has a known "frame.frame" that starts at 0 when wiz starts and a "frame.last_frame" where it ends. a wiz is always from frame 0 upto last_frame. so **wiz.update** is the place where it all start and we pass all updatable items (components, runners background etc)*frame.frame_cur*.
2. Down at **component** level 



---
- we may also use time but that will just be interms of frames i.e convert time to frame. so frame is a simple and countable item rather than time which has to be counted based on pause start etc.
- we will move movie forward rewind etc based on frames and not on batches as previously thought.
- it is a videos thats it. 
- why we need sequnece when we have batches? a componenet may stay on scene and have different animations at different times (ie frames).
- i think we will have to keep track of time but it can not be used to measure some thing since its confusing. we will just convert it into frames*